Add note about _headers behavior in Pages (#3089)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/platform/headers.md

# Headers

<Aside type="note">

>   Custom headers defined in the `_headers` file are not currently applied to responses from [Functions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions) even if the function route matches the URL pattern. If your Pages application uses server-side rendering, or headers should be applied to responses from Functions, you must set those headers on the response object in the Function implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  Custom headers defined in the `_headers` file are not currently applied to responses from [Functions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions), even if the function route matches the URL pattern. If your Pages application uses Functions, you must migrate any behaviors from the `_headers` file to the `Response` object in the appropriate `/functions` route. When altering headers for multiple routes, you may be interested in [adding middleware](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions#adding-middleware)  for shared behavior.
  
```

# Headers

> <Aside type="note">
> 
>   Custom headers defined in the `_headers` file are not currently applied to responses from [Functions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions), even if the function route matches the URL pattern. If your Pages application uses Functions, you must migrate any behaviors from the `_headers` file to the `Response` object in the appropriate `/functions` route. When altering headers for multiple routes, you may be interested in [adding middleware](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions#adding-middleware)  for shared behavior.
>   
> </Aside>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Aside type="note">

Custom headers defined in the `_headers` file are not currently applied to responses from [Functions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions), even if the function route matches the URL pattern. If your Pages application uses Functions, you must migrate any behaviors from the `_headers` file to the `Response` object in the appropriate `/functions` route. When altering headers for multiple routes, you may be interested in [adding middleware](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions#adding-middleware)  for shared behavior.
  
</Aside>
```
